---
layout: auto-doc
title: step beta ca provisioner add
menu:
  docs:
    parent: step beta ca provisioner
---

## Name
**step beta ca provisioner add** -- add a provisioner

## Usage

```raw
step beta ca provisioner add <name> --type=JWK [--public-key=<file>]
[--private-key=<file>] [--create] [--password-file=<file>]
[--admin-cert=<file>] [--admin-key=<file>] [--admin-provisioner=<name>]
[--admin-subject=<subject>] [--password-file=<file>] [--ca-url=<uri>]
[--root=<file>] [--context=<name>]

step beta ca provisioner add <name> --type=OIDC
[--client-id=<id>] [--client-secret=<secret>]
[--configuration-endpoint=<url>] [--domain=<domain>]
[--admin=<email>]...
[--admin-cert=<file>] [--admin-key=<file>] [--admin-provisioner=<name>]
[--admin-subject=<subject>] [--password-file=<file>] [--ca-url=<uri>]
[--root=<file>] [--context=<name>]


step beta ca provisioner add <name> --type=X5C --x5c-root=<file>
[--admin-cert=<file>] [--admin-key=<file>] [--admin-provisioner=<name>]
[--admin-subject=<subject>] [--password-file=<file>] [--ca-url=<uri>]
[--root=<file>] [--context=<name>]

step beta ca provisioner add <name> --type=SSHPOP
[--admin-cert=<file>] [--admin-key=<file>] [--admin-provisioner=<name>]
[--admin-subject=<subject>] [--password-file=<file>] [--ca-url=<uri>]
[--root=<file>] [--context=<name>]

step beta ca provisioner add <name> --type=K8SSA [--public-key=<file>]
[--admin-cert=<file>] [--admin-key=<file>] [--admin-provisioner=<name>]
[--admin-subject=<subject>] [--password-file=<file>] [--ca-url=<uri>]
[--root=<file>] [--context=<name>]

step beta ca provisioner add <name> --type=[AWS|Azure|GCP]
[--aws-account=<id>] [--gcp-service-account=<name>] [--gcp-project=<name>]
[--azure-tenant=<id>] [--azure-resource-group=<name>]
[--instance-age=<duration>] [--iid-roots=<file>]
[--disable-custom-sans] [--disable-trust-on-first-use]
[--admin-cert=<file>] [--admin-key=<file>] [--admin-provisioner=<name>]
[--admin-subject=<subject>] [--password-file=<file>] [--ca-url=<uri>]
[--root=<file>] [--context=<name>]

step beta ca provisioner add <name> --type=ACME [--force-cn]
[--admin-cert=<file>] [--admin-key=<file>] [--admin-provisioner=<name>]
[--admin-subject=<subject>] [--password-file=<file>] [--ca-url=<uri>]
[--root=<file>] [--context=<name>]
```

## Description

**step ca provisioner add** adds a provisioner to the CA configuration.

## Positional arguments

`name`
The name of the provisioner.

## Options


**--type**=`type`
The `type` of provisioner to create.

`type` is a case-insensitive string and must be one of:

- **JWK**: Uses an JWK key pair to sign provisioning tokens. (default)

- **OIDC**: Uses an OpenID Connect provider to sign provisioning tokens.

- **AWS**: Uses Amazon AWS instance identity documents.

- **GCP**: Use Google instance identity tokens.

- **Azure**: Uses Microsoft Azure identity tokens.

- **ACME**: Uses the ACME protocol to create certificates.

- **X5C**: Uses an X509 Certificate / private key pair to sign provisioning tokens.

- **K8SSA**: Uses Kubernetes Service Account tokens.

- **SSHPOP**: Uses an SSH Certificate / private key pair to sign provisioning tokens.

**--x509-template**=`file`
The x509 certificate template `file`, a JSON representation of the certificate to create.

**--x509-template-data**=`file`
The x509 certificate template data `file`, a JSON map of data that can be used by the certificate template.

**--ssh-template**=`file`
The x509 certificate template `file`, a JSON representation of the certificate to create.

**--ssh-template-data**=`file`
The ssh certificate template data `file`, a JSON map of data that can be used by the certificate template.

**--x509-min-dur**=`duration`
The minimum `duration` for an x509 certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--x509-max-dur**=`duration`
The maximum `duration` for an x509 certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--x509-default-dur**=`duration`
The default `duration` for an x509 certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--ssh-user-min-dur**=`duration`
The minimum `duration` for an ssh user certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--ssh-user-max-dur**=`duration`
The maximum `duration` for an ssh user certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--ssh-user-default-dur**=`duration`
The maximum `duration` for an ssh user certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--ssh-host-min-dur**=`duration`
The minimum `duration` for an ssh host certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--ssh-host-max-dur**=`duration`
The maximum `duration` for an ssh host certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--ssh-host-default-dur**=`duration`
The maximum `duration` for an ssh host certificate generated by this provisioner.

**--disable-renewal**
Disable renewal for all certificates generated by this provisioner

**--x509**
Enable provisioning of x509 certificates.

**--ssh**
Enable provisioning of ssh certificates.

**--create**
Create the JWK key pair for the provisioner.

**--private-key**=`file`
The `file` containing the JWK private key.

**--public-key**=`file`
The `file` containing the JWK public key. Or, a `file`
containing one or more PEM formatted keys, if used with the K8SSA provisioner.

**--client-id**=`id`
The `id` used to validate the audience in an OpenID Connect token.

**--client-secret**=`secret`
The `secret` used to obtain the OpenID Connect tokens.

**--listen-address**=`address`
The callback `address` used in the OpenID Connect flow (e.g. ":10000")

**--configuration-endpoint**=`url`
OpenID Connect configuration `url`.

**--admin**=`email`
The `email` of an admin user in an OpenID Connect provisioner, this user
will not have restrictions in the certificates to sign. Use the
'--admin' flag multiple times to configure multiple administrators.

**--group**=`group`
The `group` list used to validate the groups extenstion in an OpenID Connect token.
Use the '--group' flag multiple times to configure multiple groups.

**--tenant-id**=`tenant-id`
The `tenant-id` used to replace the templatized {tenantid} in the OpenID Configuration.

**--x5c-root**=`file`
Root certificate (chain) `file` used to validate the signature on X5C
provisioning tokens.

**--force-cn**
Always set the common name in provisioned certificates.

**--aws-account**=`id`
The AWS account `id` used to validate the identity documents.
Use the flag multiple times to configure multiple accounts.

**--azure-tenant**=`id`
The Microsoft Azure tenant `id` used to validate the identity tokens.

**--azure-resource-group**=`name`
The Microsoft Azure resource group `name` used to validate the identity tokens.
Use the flag multipl etimes to configure multiple resource groups

**--gcp-service-account**=`email`
The Google service account `email` or `id` used to validate the identity tokens.
Use the flag multiple times to configure multiple service accounts.

**--gcp-project**=`id`
The Google project `id` used to validate the identity tokens.
Use the flag multipl etimes to configure multiple projects

**--instance-age**=`duration`
The maximum `duration` to grant a certificate in AWS and GCP provisioners.
A `duration` is sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a
unit suffix, such as "300ms", "-1.5h" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "ns",
"us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", "h".

**--iid-roots**=`file`
The `file` containing the certificates used to validate the
instance identity documents in AWS.

**--disable-custom-sans**
On cloud provisioners, if enabled only the internal DNS and IP will be added as a SAN.
By default it will accept any SAN in the CSR.

**--disable-trust-on-first-use**, **--disable-tofu**
On cloud provisioners, if enabled multiple sign request for this provisioner
with the same instance will be accepted. By default only the first request
will be accepted.

**--admin-cert**=`chain`
Admin certificate (`chain`) in PEM format to store in the 'x5c' header of a JWT.

**--admin-key**=`file`
Private key `file`, used to sign a JWT, corresponding to the admin certificate that will
be stored in the 'x5c' header.

**--admin-provisioner**=`name`, **--admin-issuer**=`name`
The provisioner `name` to use for generating admin credentials.

**--admin-subject**=`subject`, **--admin-name**=`subject`
The admin `subject` to use for generating admin credentials.

**--password-file**=`file`
The path to the `file` containing the password to encrypt or decrypt the private key.

**--ca-url**=`URI`
`URI` of the targeted Step Certificate Authority.

**--root**=`file`
The path to the PEM `file` used as the root certificate authority.

**--context**=`name`
The context `name` to apply for the given command.

## Examples

Create a JWK provisioner with newly generated keys and a template for x509 certificates:
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add cicd --type JWK --create --x509-template ./templates/example.tpl
```

Create a JWK provisioner with duration claims:
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add cicd --type JWK --create --x509-min-dur 20m --x509-default-dur 48h --ssh-user-min-dur 17m --ssh-host-default-dur 16h
```

Create a JWK provisioner with existing keys:
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add jane@doe.com --type JWK --public-key jwk.pub --private-key jwk.priv
```

Create an OIDC provisioner:
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add Google --type OIDC --ssh \
  --client-id 1087160488420-8qt7bavg3qesdhs6it824mhnfgcfe8il.apps.googleusercontent.com \
  --client-secret udTrOT3gzrO7W9fDPgZQLfYJ \
  --configuration-endpoint https://accounts.google.com/.well-known/openid-configuration
```

Create an X5C provisioner:
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add x5c --type X5C --x5c-root x5c_ca.crt
```

Create an ACME provisioner:
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add acme --type ACME
```

Create an K8SSA provisioner:
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add kube --type K8SSA --ssh --public-key key.pub
```

Create an SSHPOP provisioner for renewing SSH host certificates:")
```shell
step beta ca provisioner add sshpop --type SSHPOP
```

Create an Azure provisioner with two service groups:
```shell
$ step beta ca provisioner add Azure --type Azure \
  --azure-tenant bc9043e2-b645-4c1c-a87a-78f8644bfe57 \
  --azure-resource-group identity --azure-resource-group accounting
```

Create an GCP provisioner that will only accept the SANs provided in the identity token:
```shell
$ step beta ca provisioner add Google --type GCP \
  --disable-custom-sans --gcp-project internal
```

Create an AWS provisioner that will only accept the SANs provided in the identity
document and will allow multiple certificates from the same instance:
```shell
$ step beta ca provisioner add Amazon --type AWS \
  --aws-account 123456789 --disable-custom-sans --disable-trust-on-first-use
```

Create an AWS provisioner that will use a custom certificate to validate the instance
identity documents:
```shell
$ step beta ca provisioner add Amazon --type AWS \
  --aws-account 123456789 --iid-roots $(step path)/certs/aws.crt
```

